Backup and restore Ursula config (#2682)
nucypher/nucypher: docs/source/staking/running_a_worker.rst

.. image:: ../.static/img/p2p_validator_dashboard.png
    :target: ../.static/img/p2p_validator_dashboard.png

6. Backup and restore Worker
----------------------------

> Backup the worker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Backup the Worker
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Local worker configuration can be preserved and transfered using ``nucypher ursula backup`` command: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A local worker configuration can be preserved and transferred using ``nucypher ursula backup`` command: 
```

.. code-block::

    $(nucypher) nucypher ursula backup     \
    --backup-path <BACKUP PATH>            \
    --worker-path <SOURCE WORKER PATH>     \
    --keystore-path <SOURCE KEYSTORE PATH> \
    --password <PASSWORD>                  \
    --overwrite <OVERWRITE>

Replace the following values with your own:

   * ``<BACKUP PATH>`` - The path to the backup file to be created
   * ``<SOURCE WORKER PATH>`` - The path to the existing worker configuration root directory

>    * ``<SOURCE KEYSTORE PATH>`` - The path to Ethereum keystore file used by the worker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * ``<SOURCE KEYSTORE PATH>`` - The path to the Ethereum keystore file used by the worker
```

>    * ``<PASSWORD>`` - The password to be used to protect backup file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * ``<PASSWORD>`` - The password to secure the backup file
```

>    * ``<OVERWRITE>`` - The boolean flag indicating permission to overwrite backup file at ``<BACKUP PATH>`` if it exists

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * ``<OVERWRITE>`` - The boolean flag indicating permission to overwrite any pre-existing backup file at ``<BACKUP PATH>``
```

> Restore the worker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restore the Worker
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Resulting backup file can be restored using ``nucypher ursula restore`` command: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A backup file can be restored using ``nucypher ursula restore`` command: 
```

.. code-block::

    $(nucypher) nucypher ursula restore \
    --backup-path <BACKUP PATH>            \
    --worker-path <WORKER PATH>         \
    --keystore-path <KEYSTORE PATH>     \
    --password <PASSWORD>               \
    --overwrite <OVERWRITE>

Replace the following values with your own:

   * ``<BACKUP PATH>`` - The path to the existing backup file
   * ``<DESTINATION WORKER PATH>`` - The path to the new worker configuration directory
   * ``<DESTINATION KEYSTORE PATH>`` - The path to the new Ethereum keystore file location

>    * ``<PASSWORD>`` - The previously selected password 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * ``<PASSWORD>`` - The backup password 
```

>    * ``<OVERWRITE>`` - The boolean flag indicating permission to overwrite existing files in ``<DESTINATION WORKER PATH>`` and ``<DESTINATION KEYSTORE PATH>`` locations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * ``<OVERWRITE>`` - The boolean flag indicating permission to overwrite any pre-existing files in ``<DESTINATION WORKER PATH>`` and ``<DESTINATION KEYSTORE PATH>`` locations
```

Interactive usage
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Both ``ursula backup`` and ``ursula restore`` commands support interactive usage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both ``nucypher ursula backup`` and ``nucypher ursula restore`` commands support interactive usage:
```

.. code-block::

    $(nucypher) nucypher ursula <backup|restore>
    # (Follow command line prompts ...)

> Backup file

Author: Yes, sure. That was also my idea initially, but I felt that somehow it was breaking the flow of reading.

^^^^^^^^^^^

The backup file is a password-encrypted ZIP archive with a following structure:

.. code-block::

>     $(nucypher) tree -L 3 restored_backup

Reviewer: Instead of "restored_backup" perhaps just "backup_file"?
